we are on our way from Germany traveling
to Istanbul in a container ship not
because we are refugees or immigrants
but because we are low-budget filmmakers
the channel that commissioned this film
a documentary about the life of Istanbul
has so little money that they couldn't
afford plane tickets well Jam Istanbul
took big batch of usual machines Astana
Rangi bi metropolises
I remember I get me Hollywood a girl
awesome in Boston he's not moving the TV
channel wants time-lapse photography of
the crowded streets bustling city life
sequences and techno music they want
facts and figures and reportage but
there's something else
beneath the daytime city of Commerce and
tourism something mysterious and strange
young Jana look below choker service
hair army Terriers are collecting not to
loose ancestors coming out of the
shadows of this vast ancient metropolis
a yearning a secret hidden world
training befitting Nady tomorrow at
Istanbul Istanbul Isuzu Jackson